Document the new clear data option for the recreate database procedure. (#2258)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/databases.adoc

* Make your database write-available again after it has been lost (for example, due to a disaster).
See xref:clustering/disaster-recovery.adoc[Disaster recovery] for more information.

* label:new[Introduced in 2025.02] Delete the data and schema for a database, while keeping the database privileges assigned to each role.

> * label:new[Introduced in 2025.04] Alter the database store format when clearing the data and schema via the new procedure `dbms.recreateDatabase()`.

Reviewer: oh, perfect.

> * label:new[Introduced in 2025.04] Alter the database store format when clearing the data and schema via the new procedure `dbms.recreateDatabase()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* label:new[Introduced in 2025.04] Alter the database store format when clearing the data and schema.
```

* Make your database write-available again after it has been lost (for example, due to a disaster).
See xref:clustering/disaster-recovery.adoc[Disaster recovery] for more information.

> * Delete the data and schema for a database, while keeping all the associated privileges (from Neo4j 2025.04).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* label:new[Introduced in Neo4j 2025.04] The new procedure `dbms.recreateDatabase` deletes the data and schema for a database, while keeping all the associated privileges.
```

Reviewer: or this is not true? According to the code, [the PR](https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/29075) was merged in January. Does this means that the functionality is available since 2025.01?

Reviewer 2: We added the "storeFormat" option only in 2025.04 - the "clearData" is older. I think it is much easier to document both at once for 2025.04, instead to explain that one is available in an earlier version.

Reviewer: You just mention a new option `storeFormat` in connection with the `clearData`. Why?
So, the truth will be:
`clearData` was added in 2025.01 and it allows you to delete all data and schema for a database preserving users privileges and roles (?)
`storeFormat` is added in 2024.04 and can be used **only** with the `clearData`. This new option allows you to change the db store format during recreation.

> * Delete the data and schema for a database, while keeping all the associated privileges (from Neo4j 2025.04).

Author: It is available in both procedures, since they point to the same code. 

Roles are never removed, and you only define what a role can do with a database through privileges, which is why that is the only thing defined here.

> * Delete the data and schema for a database, while keeping all the associated privileges (from Neo4j 2025.04).

Reviewer 3: @NataliaIvakina perhaps the right way to write it is "while keeping the database privilileges assigned to each role."?

To check if the recreation is successful, use the `SHOW DATABASES` command and verify that all allocations have been started.

Additionally, you have the option to modify <<alter-topology-recreate, the topology>> during the recreation process.

> However, note that the access, and enrichment cannot be altered during recreation and store format can only be altered if the data is cleared.

Reviewer: But this is true only starting from 2025.04. If you're using earlier neo4j versions, you are not able to change the store format, access, and enrichment.

Author: This is true.

> However, note that the access, and enrichment cannot be altered during recreation and store format can only be altered if the data is cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, note that up to Neo4j 2025.04, the store format, access, and enrichment cannot be altered during recreation.
Starting from 2025.04, the store format can only be altered if the `clearData` option is used.
```

Author: Nice!

CALL dbms.recreateDatabase("neo4j", {seedingServers: [], seedURI: "s3://myBucket/myBackup.backup"});
----

[[clear-data-recreate]]
=== Clear data option

> In Neo4j 2025.04 an additional option was added to the recreate database procedure which clears the data (e.g. nodes and relationships) and the schema (e.g. constraints and indexes) for the database.

Author: This is much clearer, nice!

This means you end up with an empty store, but as with the other recreate database options, all privileges associated with the database are kept.

> When, and only when, the clear data option is used, the store format can also be changed for the recreated database.

Reviewer: see https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/30209

CALL dbms.recreateDatabase("neo4j", {seedingServers: [], primaries: 3, secondaries: 0});
----

[role=label--new-2025.02]
[[clear-data-recreate]]
=== Clear data option

In Neo4j 2025.02, the `clearData` option was added to the recreate procedure.
This option allows you to delete the data (e.g., nodes and relationships) and the schema (e.g., constraints and indexes) for the database.
This means you end up with an empty store, but as with the other recreate database options, all privileges associated with the database are kept.

[CAUTION]
====
Using the clear data option means the data and schema will be deleted *permanently*.
If you want to have the option of getting them back later, make sure to take a backup before clearing the database.
See xref:backup-restore/online-backup.adoc[Online backup] for more information.
====

[role=label--new-2025.04]
[[alter-store-format]]
==== Alter the database store format

In Neo4j 2025.04, the database store format can also be altered during recreation, but only when the `clearData` option is specified.

> This functionality is available through the new `dbms.recreateDatabase()` procedure.

Author: As above, available with both procedures.

> This functionality is available through the new `dbms.recreateDatabase()` procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
